Central to the success of YOUR COMPANY is our commitment to our clients. We honour without reservation our obligation to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information of individuals with whom we deal.

This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.

1. The Information we collect

We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data which is reasonably necessary to provide you quality products or services:

information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views);
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters; and
any other information that you choose to send to us.
we do not store credit card details
2. How that information is used

We only use and disclose personal information about you for the purpose for which it was disclosed to us or related purposes which would reasonably be expected without your permission. We may use your personal information to:

administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send to you marketing communications (including newsletters) relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you (however we do respect your right to ask us not to do this). We do not sell personal information to other organisations to allow them to do this;
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user; deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website. We may disclose personal information to service providers who provide services.


3. Disclosures

We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy. In addition, we may disclose information about you:

to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.


4. International data transfers

Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. Information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including Australia) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Areas (EEA). You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.

5. Security of your personal data

We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Access to and use of personal information within YOUR COMPANY is appropriately limited to prevent misuse or unlawful disclosure of the information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology. Data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping any password and user details associated with the use of our website confidential.

6. Keeping information up to date and accurate

We take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information we hold is as accurate as is possible. You are able to contact us at any time and ask for its correction if you feel the information we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete.

7. Cookies

A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. Cookies are generally used on the YOUR COMPANY web to:

Access online services: if you visit YOUR COMPANY website and log into our secure areas, we will use cookies to enable us to authorise your access.
Website traffic monitoring: we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.

8. Policy amendments

We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.

9. Your rights

You can contact us to request access to your information. In normal circumstances we will give you full access to your information. However, there may be some legal or administrative reasons to deny access. If access is denied, we will provide you with the reason why.

10. Third party websites

The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.

11. Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email at YOUR COMPANY EMAIL or by post toYOUR COMPANY ADDRESS.