Important Information

With respect to the availability of this website in Europe, this website is issued or approved by YOUR COMPANY UK Limited (YOUR COMPANY). YOUR COMPANY is incorporated and registered as a private limited company in England and Wales with company number YOUR COMPANY NUMBER. YOUR COMPANY′s registered office is YOUR ADDRESS.

The information on this website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulatory requirements. The information on this website is not an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities, financial products, or investments, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be contrary to local law or regulatory requirements.

Information on this website may be subject to change without notice.

1. Introduction

These terms and conditions govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.

2. Licence to use website

Unless otherwise stated, YOUR COMPANY owns the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions. You must not:

republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution. Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.

3. Acceptable use

You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to our website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of our website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. You must not use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent. You must not use our website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications and you must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.

4. No advice or recommendation

The information on this website has been prepared for informational purposes only and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of prospective investors. YOUR COMPANY will not give you personal advice when you visit our website. You should neither construe any of the information on this website as business, financial, investment, trading, legal, regulatory, tax, or accounting advice nor make the information on this website the primary basis for any investment decisions made by or on behalf of you and you may wish to obtain legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice before entering into any contemplated transactions.

5. Restricted access

Access to certain areas of our website is restricted. We reserve the right to restrict access to other areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion. If we provide you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of our website or other content or services, you must ensure that that user ID and password is kept confidential. We may disable your user ID and password in our sole discretion without notice or explanation.

6. Software applications accessible from this site

Some of the software programs that may be downloaded via links from this site are products belonging to third parties. You use such third party software at your own risk. Such software is likely to be subject to licensing terms imposed by the owner of the software. To the full extent permitted by law, YOUR COMPANY excludes all liability in relation to using or downloading any software (third party or otherwise) that may be accessed from this site. YOUR COMPANY makes no representations and provides no warranties in relation to such software. In particular, to the full extent permitted by law, YOUR COMPANY excludes all liability for any damage (including, without limitation, loss of data, interruption to business and loss of profits) resulting from viruses or any other consequence of using or downloading any software (third party or otherwise) accessible via this site.

7. Website links

This website may contain links to other websites operated by entities which do not belong to YOUR COMPANY. These links have been provided solely for you to obtain further information about other relevant products and entities in the market. YOUR COMPANY has no control over the information on these websites or the products or services on them, and therefore makes no representations regarding the accuracy or suitability of the information, services, or products described on them. You are advised to make your own enquiries in relation to third parties described or linked on this website. Inclusion of a link to a third party website should not be construed as that party’s endorsement of this website. By linking to websites operated by third parties, YOUR COMPANY is not authorising the reproduction of any material on such websites, as such material may be the subject of intellectual property rights.

8. Copyright and Trademarks

YOUR COMPANY is either the owner or licensed user of the copyright in the material on this website. You may not reproduce, adapt, upload, link, frame, broadcast, distribute or in any way transmit the material on this website without the written consent of YOUR COMPANY, other than to the extent necessary to view the material or as permitted by law. The YOUR COMPANY name and all its associated trademarks are trademarks of YOUR COMPANY.

10. No liability for content

While YOUR COMPANY provides the information on this website in good faith, it accepts no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information and, to the full extent permitted by law, it waives all liability for any loss resulting from accessing this website, including without limitation, loss resulting from reliance upon the information on this site.

12. Breaches of these terms and conditions

Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.

13. Variation

We may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of our website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on our website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.

14. Assignment

We may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent. You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.